♪ ♪
[heart beating]
[siren wailing]
[high-pitched whir]
[electrical discharge]
[indistinct P.A. announcement]
[Salazar] The cardiac arrest was
brought on by smoke inhalation.
Paramedics on the scene
immediately began resuscitation.
They got his heart
restarted on the way here.
How long was it stopped?
[Salazar] Almost 14 minutes.
What does that mean?
[Salazar] It's
too soon to tell.
We won't know the
extent of the damage.
if any. until he wakes up.
But he will wake up?
Well. right now. his
body is recovering
from a major traumatic event.
We are doing what we can
to help facilitate that.
That's not an answer. Doctor.
That's because I don't have one.
Sergeant Grant. I
assume you're aware
of an advance directive
your husband has on file
here at the hospital?
Yes. We both do.
[Salazar] So. we are
both aware of his wishes
should this condition
become prolonged.
I mean. it's not a discussion
that we need to have
right this minute.
but if there are
other family members
that need to be informed.
you might want to do that now.
♪ ♪
Christopher.
[knocking on door]
Christopher. come on. We
need to talk about this.
Go away!
- [softly] Come on. come on.
- [doorbell rings]
- Thanks for coming.
- [sighs] So. what happened?
[door closes]
I messed up.
So. last night.
Marisol took Chris and
her nephew to the movies.
and while she was
gone. Kim came by.
- You had her over here?
- After you and I talked.
I brought her here
to come clean.
to tell her what she
thought was happening
between us wasn't
really happening.
Okay. so...
h-how did that go?
About as well as you'd expect.
I thought that was it.
Then she came back while
Chris was out with Marisol...
And what wasn't
happening between you two
ended up happening.
Buck.
she didn't just
look like Shannon.
she was Shannon.
Even saying it out
loud. it's... I mean...
it's hard for me to explain.
She was trying to
be kind. but then.
Marisol walked in
with Christopher.
Oh. Eddie.
And. at first.
he thought his
mom had come back.
I guess I did. too.
What did you say?
I mean. he's 13. he's not five.
He figured it out.
After Marisol left.
he locked himself
in his room.
- and he hasn't talked to me since.
- Okay. okay.
I'm-I'm here. What can I do?
[sighs] What you always do.
Just talk to him.
Uh. I. uh. I-I don't
know how to explain this.
I-I don't need you to
explain it to him. I just...
I need you to check in on him.
I'm worried.
He won't come out.
He can't keep you
out of his room.
I don't want to break
down the door. Buck.
I want him to open it.
Sure. I-I-I get that.
- um. b-but I'm just saying...
- [doorbell rings]
Uh...
M-Marisol?
Not a chance.
[Eddie] Mom? Dad?
What are you doing here?
Christopher called us.
[social worker] Uh.
sir. I understand.
but I do not have that
information in front of me.
Y-You're gonna have to
call the county office.
Can I help you?
Hi. I'm here to
visit Mara Driskell.
Are you family?
Yes.
You can sign in. Third
door on the right.
Okay. um...
I will do some digging on my end
and then I'll get back to you.
Okay.
Got it.
[indistinct chatter]
♪ ♪
Mara?
[chuckles] Sweetheart.
it is so good to see you.
How you doing?
I know that was probably
a stupid question.
It's not like I'm
doing great. either.
Denny and Karen
really miss you. too.
The people who work here.
are they treating you okay?
I. uh. brought you something.
When I was your age.
I used to keep a
journal. my diary.
I would write down
all my secrets
and how I was
feeling about things.
Somehow. putting it on paper
made whatever I was going
through feel less scary.
I thought it might
help you. too.
You said we were a family.
You lied.
We're still a family.
That hasn't changed. We're
always gonna be a family.
So you're taking me home?
Excuse me. I checked.
you are not family.
[sighs]
Sorry.
Can't you just please give
us a few more minutes?
No.
You are not supposed to be here.
Leave us alone!
Mara. it's okay.
Don't go.
I'm gonna see you
again soon. okay?
I love you. Mara.
[indistinct radio transmission]
[phone buzzes]
This is Hen.
What?
Wh-When?
Oh. God.
- Where were they taken?
- [Eddie] So. he called you
at 2:00 in the morning.
and you jump on a plane
without letting me
know you're coming?
He-he asked us not to. Eddie.
He probably thought you
would've told us not to come.
What did he tell you?
He said he came
home and caught you
kissing his dead mother.
And. obviously.
that's not true...
It's a little true.
[Eddie sighs]
[gasps] Oh. God.
[scoffs] She-she-she
could be Shannon's twin.
Even in death. that woman
is making his life chaos.
I'm the only one making
my life chaos right now.
but that's done.
Uh. s-sorry to interrupt.
Uh... Cap's in the hospital.
[indistinct P.A. announcement]
- [monitors beeping steadily]
- [ventilator whooshing]
Hey.
How you doing?
They won't let me in there yet.
I pulled that from your
locker at the precinct.
There's some street clothes.
I didn't think you'd want to
sit here in a paper dress.
I appreciate that.
If there's anything
else you need.
- tell me.
- Thank you. Elaine.
[Maynard] Have you
spoken to the kids yet?
[Athena] Mm. no.
I haven't spoken to anyone.
Athena. we need talk about
who may have done this.
The arson inspector
is saying the point of
origin was near the bedroom.
He was in the house.
[Maynard] Who was?
Whoever did this. he had to know
the layout of the place. right?
Wait. do you have somebody
specifically in mind?
[door opens]
[Salazar] Sergeant Grant.
You can go on in.
Thank you. Doctor.
No.
Can't think of anyone. but
I'll let you know if I do.
[Chimney] First name
is Bobby or Robert.
[Eddie] Hen. Chim.
- What happened?
- We're not exactly sure.
Hen got a call from
Ryerson at the 133.
They responded to a fire
at Bobby and Athena's
house last night.
He said that Bobby went into
cardiac arrest on the scene.
Ay. Dios.
[Buck] Uh. how is he now?
We've been trying to find out.
- They-they won't tell us anything.
- [elevator bell dings]
- [elevator doors open]
- Guys.
Firefighters.
I take it you've heard.
Sir. actually. we've
heard very little.
All we know is that
Captain Nash is here.
Well. your captain is alive.
but his condition is critical
at the moment.
It'll be a while before
we know anything more.
What-what about his
wife. Athena Grant?
He managed to get her to
safety before he took a turn.
She's with him now.
[Athena] I'm here. baby.
I hope you know that.
I love you. Bobby Nash.
And I'm sorry.
[shaky breathing]
I did this.
I invited that man into our home
without once thinking
what that might do to him.
Or what he might do to you.
And I can't even say that
I don't understand it.
I understand it too well.
Because right now the only thing
holding me upright is rage.
So I promise you this:
I'm gonna be the one to get him.
No one else.
I'm gonna do that for us.
Because the last man
who came into our home
and tried to hurt our family
begged me to put him down.
This one...
he's not gonna have to beg.
Hi.
I'm here visiting a
patient. Bobby Nash.
Oh. you're one of
his firefighters.
- Henrietta Wilson.
- A lot of people on this floor
are praying for your
captain right now.
He's just in that room there.
Thank you.
I thought his wife
was in here with him.
She was. S-She's not there?
I'm not sure where she went.
♪ ♪
[door shuts loudly]
Can I help you?
Gosh. you startled me.
I saw you get out of
the taxi just now.
I tried to ring. but I
think your doorbell melted.
Polly Martin. Four
houses up on the left.
- The Martins?
- Athena Grant.
Oh. I'm aware.
I-I can't believe
we've never met.
We've been in that
house for 11 years.
I can't tell you
how much comfort
it's given so many of us
to know there's
a police sergeant
living in the neighborhood.
It's made us feel safer somehow.
Anyway. I am so sorry
this happened to you.
Did everyone get out okay?
Everyone got out.
Well. that's good.
Things. you can
replace. People...
Anyway. if there's
anything you need...
Can I borrow your car?
[Maddie over phone]
This Maddie Han.
Maddie. it's Athena.
Athena? Who's Polly Martin?
I had to borrow a
civilian's phone.
The system in my
patrol car's glitching.
I was hoping you could
help me with an address.
Oh. sure.
I need the current
residence of an Amir Casey.
- A-M-I-R. C-A-S-E-Y.
- Just one second.
Oh.
Hey. does your Amir Casey
work as a travel nurse?
- He does.
- Yeah. I've met him.
Impressive guy. Is he
in some kind of trouble?
We have reason to believe
that he may be in danger.
Wow. okay.
- Do you have an address?
- Yeah.
7506 Marshall Avenue.
Atwater Village.
Thanks. Maddie.
[line beeps]
[sighs]
[indistinct P.A. announcement]
Well?
She's not in her room.
Simpson said she didn't
have any injuries.
Did they discharge her?
Not according to admissions.
That doesn't make any sense.
Why would she leave Bobby?
[Hen] And why aren't
the kids here?
- [phone buzzing]
- Something's not right.
[sighs] It's Maddie.
I haven't told her
about all this yet.
Hey.
[Maddie over phone] Hey. So.
this might not mean anything.
but I just got the
weirdest call from Athena.
- You spoke with Athena?
- Yeah.
- a few minutes ago.
- [Chimney] Well. where is she?
- Well. I mean. she's on duty.
- No. [sighs]
She's not on duty. Maddie.
Bobby and Athena's house
burned down last night.
- What?
- I'm gonna put you on speaker.
I'm here with Hen.
We're all down at
Presbyterian right now.
and Bobby's on a ventilator.
Oh. my God. Is he gonna be okay?
- We don't know yet.
- Well. what happened?
They said it was arson.
Arson?
That can't be why she
wanted his address.
Whose address?
Amir Casey.
We don't recognize that name.
He's a travel nurse
who had been working
out of the hospital you're
at right now. actually.
I met him in the burn unit
when I was checking
on Catherine Morris.
The burn unit?
Yeah. He's
acquainted with fire.
[phone chimes]
[Hen] Did he tell you
how he got these scars?
No. and I didn't ask.
Athena called here looking
for his home address.
- Did you give it to her?
- Yes.
I did.
Guys. ten years ago. Amir
Casey lived in Minnesota.
Minnesota.
That can't be a coincidence.
Oh. it never is.
Maddie. did Athena
say anything else?
Just that she had reason to
believe Amir was in danger.
And I think Athena
might be the danger.
[car beeps]
Stop.
♪ ♪
Sergeant Grant?
It's just Athena.
I'm off duty.
Looks like you're
going somewhere.
Got a nursing gig
in Bakersfield.
I start on Monday.
Not sure you're gonna make it.
[plastic crinkles]
Now. look. I don't know what
it is you think I've done...
You killed my husband.
What are you talking about?
He's in an ICU bed.
His heart gave out.
Inhaled too much smoke
pulling me out of the
fire that you set.
Somebody set your house on fire?
You set my house on fire.
I wouldn't even
know how to do that.
All you need is fuel.
oxygen. an ignition source.
It's not hard.
Well. I'll have to
take your word on that.
I should've known better.
The way you just
appeared in our lives.
But Bobby was just
so sure about you.
So sure you were a good man.
I missed all the warning signs.
Sergeant Grant. I did
not start that fire.
I saw that look on your face.
Just before you walked
out of my house.
You hated my husband.
Not for what you lost.
but for what he had.
You don't know me.
I was you.
You carry her with you.
Everywhere you go.
But never on display.
She's not for
somebody else's eyes.
She's just for you.
I had an Ayana. too.
I know what it's like
to hide in plain sight.
where the pain and the
grief is so deep and raw
that you can't even
bear to touch it.
You can't even find
a reason to go on.
Give that back.
I help people.
I save lives. She
would be proud of me.
Maybe. But being a living
testament to a dead person
is a lonely existence.
It hardens you.
And who did you lose?
His name was Emmett.
He was killed in a
convenience store robbery.
It took me 30 years to
find the person who did it.
The one who stole
my Emmett from me.
And then you killed him.
Well. you say we're alike.
I mean. I can't deny that
I-I see some similarities.
So. if you're so right about me.
then I must be right about you.
But you found this man.
This terrible man
who ruined your life.
and you did the only
thing anyone would do.
You killed him. right?
- I thought about it.
- Yeah.
So did I.
You see. we're also alike in
this one other way. Athena.
Neither one of us are murderers.
You sure about that?
Yeah.
You say you didn't do it?
I'm gonna let you prove it.
I'm taking you in.
[tires screech]
[Amir] Uh. I think
we have a problem.
You know them?
[Amir] If I were
to guess. I'd say
those are the men who
burned your house down.
Cartel?
[Amir] Yeah. more or less.
I'll call it in.
What are you doing?
It's me they want.
- Hey. You looking for me?
- [man speaking Spanish]
[Buck] Okay. so we think she's
gone after this guy on her own?
If she thinks that
he's responsible
for what happened to Bobby.
it would be a very
Athena thing to do.
Yeah. but she's in no state of
mind to confront him right now.
I'm gonna call her captain.
Maybe suggest that she
send a black-and-white
over to this guy's place.
make sure everything's okay.
- [monitor beeping] - [nurse]
We need some assistance. please.
- [nurse 2] Oh. Yeah.
- [Buck] Uh...
Hey. wha-wha-what's happening?
Uh. I'll take it.
Okay. All right.
[operator] 911.
What's your emergency?
This is off-duty Field
Sergeant Athena Grant.
badge number 1275.
I'm at the industrial
park on the 7.000 block
of La Tuna Canyon Road.
I have an abduction in progress.
Can you describe the suspect
or suspects. Sergeant?
Three Hispanic males.
mid to late 20s.
Victim: Black. male. 40s.
Requesting immediate backup.
Units en route. Sergeant.
Estimate 14 minutes out.
[sighs]
[man speaking Spanish]
- [Amir sighs]
- [man speaks Spanish]
[Herman] You're smiling.
If I was you. I would not smile.
I'm picturing what the
cartel is going to do to you.
There's no way they
authorized any of this.
Screw the cartel.
I don't work for
them. I never have.
No. but you're in bed with them.
Not anymore.
Now I'm in bed with the
United States government.
Cooperating witness. No charges.
I have their protection.
- I made me a good deal.
- [Amir] Well. let's see how good
that deal is going to
be when they find out
that you burned down the
house of an L.A. fire captain.
[Herman] Oh. you mean
the one who forced
me off the road
and left me there to die?
[Amir] You know it
didn't go down like that.
[Herman] I know
- you murdered my grandson.
- No. You murdered him.
by dragging him into
your ugly business.
You did that.
I only held the blade.
[Amir grunts]
♪ ♪
[Herman speaking Spanish]
[metallic clanking]
[grunts]
I looked into you. my friend.
At first. I was gonna take
away someone you love.
- But you're too late.
- I'm aware.
We're alike. you and me.
You have no one.
And now. I have no one. too.
Well. go ahead and do whatever
the hell it is you're gonna do.
Or is your plan to
bore me to death?
Ignacio. Cuchillo.
[panting]
I'll do no more to you
than you did to my grandson.
[grunting]
If you want...
I'll let you beg.
I could still show some mercy.
Go to hell.
You first.
[clattering]
Go. Go.
Ve lo que era.
Hmm?
- [men speaking Spanish]
- [Amir panting]
[gasps. pants]
[shushing]
Who the hell are you?
I'm Mrs. Bobby Nash.
[Herman grunts]
[shouting in Spanish]
[flames whooshing]
[distant siren wailing]
[Athena] Amir.
Amir.
This one. we both walk out of.
[sirens wailing]
[fire truck horn honking]
[horn honks]
- [panting]
- [indistinct shouting]
[indistinct radio chatter]
Thank you for saving me.
You're welcome.
I'm sorry I had you wrong.
Yeah. well. you weren't
wrong about everything.
- Sorry about your husband.
- Thank you.
- [Vargas] Sergeant Grant!
- Vargas.
There's someone who would
like to speak with you.
This is Athena Grant.
♪ ♪
♪ As we awake to face the day ♪
♪ Just thought I'd
take the time to say ♪
♪ I'm glad to be alive ♪
♪ Breathing right in time ♪
♪ With you ♪
♪ 'Cause can't you see this
world is chaos in color? ♪
♪ It's wild and strange.
but it's wonderful. too ♪
♪ If the weight of it ever
tries to pull you under ♪
♪ Know this much is true ♪
♪ We were made to
carry each other... ♪
[Athena laughs]
Welcome back to me.
♪ And I'm here to carry you. ♪
- Hey.
- It's about time.
I thought you guys went all the
way to Shanghai to pick up food.
Uh. where's Denny?
Is he joining us?
He's still in his room.
He said he's not hungry.
[Chimney] It's got to
be tough on him. huh?
It seemed like he and Mara
were really getting along.
He keeps asking if she's okay.
And I don't know what to say.
I mean. I want to reassure him.
but. um. I don't
want to lie to him.
- Just don't know.
- We do.
She's not okay.
I went to the group
home and saw her.
What the hell. Hen?
Y-You went there
without telling me?
Hell. without
taking me with you?
You'd have talked me
out of it. I-I just.
I-I needed to see her. Karen.
[sighs] How was she?
Scared.
Alone.
It seems like she's just
retreating back to herself.
I thought she'd be
with another family.
[Karen] Well. she'd
been with quite a few
before she came to us.
A group home might
be the only place
that'll take her.
For how long?
[Karen] Well. she'll age
out of the system in what?
Seven years?
[sighs] How can
one woman have this much
power. and use it this cruelly?
Well. there's got to be a way
to get her to back down. right?
There's one thing we didn't try.
Beg.
- So. he's going to be okay?
- [Buck] Yeah.
They'll keep him in the
hospital for a few more days.
but everything's
looking really positive.
I feel like you guys at the 118
should have your own dedicated
wing at the hospital.
Yeah. I-I know. right?
You okay?
♪ And I wish you were here... ♪
I-I thought we might
really lose him this time.
Uh. Bobby's been the
father I never had.
- Your father's alive.
- [laughs softly]
Exactly.
Well. I have to admit.
I'm a little bit jealous.
My dad and I don't really talk.
And when I was at the
118. I had Gerrard.
Which did not make
me a better person.
Come to think of it.
Captain Gerrard was like
having the dad I already had.
So maybe we both
have daddy issues.
I don't.
But you think I do?
God. I hope so.
- [sighs]
- Did you talk to Christopher?
He pretended to be asleep
when I went in there.
Well. you don't know he
wasn't really sleeping.
You always did.
Here.
I'm gonna make you some tea.
I know I screwed up. but...
[sighs]
- but he's so angry.
- Yeah.
Fathers are human.
Sons don't always
handle this news well.
Thanks.
I can't fix it if
he won't talk to me.
Well. you can't fix it.
It-It happened. He
saw you with her.
[Helena] It just. it stirred
up a lot of emotions for him.
and he's gonna need some
time to sort it out.
And honestly. Eddie. I think...
I think you do. too.
What's that supposed to mean?
[Helena] Um. Christopher.
he doesn't feel like this is
the right environment for
him in-in this moment.
My 13-year-old
son told you that?
[Ramon] He wants to
come live with us
in Texas for a while.
What?
That's why he called us.
And no. we didn't put
this idea in his head.
This is coming from him.
Doesn't matter whose idea
it was. it's not happening.
- Eddie...
- He's a kid. Mom.
I'm not letting him
run away from home
because he's mad at me.
I know. but he's 13.
He should have a say.
You expect me to
just let him go?
Your son is trying to
tell you what he needs.
Don't wait 30 years
before you listen.
You'll regret it.
What's happening now?
It's still updating
the software.
I don't think the
Wi-Fi in here is great.
[scoffs] We just took
them out of the box.
How is the software
out of date already?
[May] Okay. so I
went with the basics.
Shirts. pants. PJs.
It should get you through
the next few days.
I hope it's okay.
I'll return whatever
you don't like.
Any progress?
Two percent since
you last asked.
Since when are you
so concerned about cell phones?
I can't remember
what I have on there.
It's all that's left.
Family heirlooms. christening
gowns. photo albums.
that's all gone.
All that we have
left is on those.
And in here.
We still have our memories.
Athena. and we have each other.
I know.
[May] What about this?
- [Bobby] Oh.
- [Athena gasps]
We stopped to buy bouquets
on the way to the courthouse.
but we forgot the camera.
so the judge's clerk
took that on my phone.
May's graduation.
Oh.
You have a picture
of me on your phone?
Oh. shut up.
You printed this photo
on a bunch of T-shirts
and you made us all wear
them to the ceremony
so everybody knew
- who we were there to celebrate.
- [laughter]
You're right.
Everything that matters
is already in this room.
Oh...
- [knocking on door]
- [door opens]
Hey.
- Hey.
- Uh. so.
I heard you're taking a trip.
You sure about this? 'Cause.
I mean. there's summer.
uh. and then there's
Texas. right?
Listen. uh. I-I know
you're mad at your dad.
And I-I get it.
When I was your age. my
parents kind of sucked.
and if I had some
awesome grandparents.
I would've been out
of there in no time.
Uh. but a-as you get older.
you realize just how
messy life can be.
and some of those things
y-you thought they
did on purpose...
they were just mistakes.
And they-they didn't
mean to hurt you.
They were just dealing
with their own pain.
I-I thought she was real.
But she's not my mom.
No. she's not.
Thank you.
[Eddie clears throat]
You got everything?
[Helena] Whatever he forgot.
you can send it to us.
Or we'll replace it.
♪ ♪
[Christopher exhales]
[sniffles]
I love you.
You're not even
gonna look at me?
No.
I know you're angry. but
you need to listen to me.
I love you. no matter what.
You want to go with
your grandparents?
Okay.
I hate it. but I love you.
So I'm letting you go.
But you can always come back.
If you change your
mind five minutes
or five months from now...
you just say the word...
and I'll come for you.
Okay?
Okay. Dad.
Okay.
[door closes]
- Hey.
- [laughs]
- Oh!
What's up. Denny?
Wow.
This looks fancy.
Are we celebrating something?
Uh. we do have a surprise.
Well. it's seven plates.
[soft gasp] Is Buck joining us?
Uh. it's a different sibling.
Mara?
Mara. you're back?
Denny!
- Oh.
- [Maddie] DCFS
approved for us to be
an emergency placement.
So she's gonna stay here
for a little while
until we can figure out
- how to get her back home to you.
- Yeah. we know
it's only temporary.
but we couldn't let her
stay there any longer.
- Oh. my God.
- [Hen gasps]
I-I can't believe
you guys did this.
- Thank you.
- [Maddie] Of course.
[birds chirping]
♪ ♪
[sighs]
[Amir] Man. they really
did a number on this place.
What are you doing here?
- How'd you find me?
- Hospital said you checked out.
Your wife pointed me
in this direction.
You know. there's something
about a burned-out building.
Even if it's not yours.
it still causes your
heart to hurt a little.
Well. at least everyone got out.
Well. still. I'm sorry.
It was a beautiful home.
You know. I think
that's what upset me
the last time I was here.
[Bobby] What? The house?
The life. Your life.
Man. you had a home.
a wife. people who
love and admire you.
And I remember standing
there. feeling like
it was just so easy for you.
- I don't deserve it.
- Look.
we're not gonna get
into who deserves what.
All right? That's for a
higher power to decide.
But what I've come
to realize is.
this life that you have?
Maybe you earned it.
You know. when you
lose everything.
including yourself.
when you are at your
absolute lowest.
the easiest thing to
do is to stay down.
But you didn't.
You climbed out. you
rebuilt and you did better.
Bobby. I don't know if
I can ever forgive you
for what you did that night.
but I can admire you
for what you've done since.
And for what I hope
you'll continue to do.
You know you can't quit. right?
Yeah. I think I do.
You think you do.
or you know you do?
I know I do.
Good. Now get to it.
Thank you.
[breathes deeply]
♪ ♪
Hey.
Uh. hey.
Did you hear from Chris yet?
Not yet. My mom sent
me some pictures.
They took him to the lake.
He does love the lake.
Look. he-he just needs
some time. Okay. you know?
Hey. did you guys
check the roster?
There's no acting
captain listed.
- What do you mean?
- Yeah. I thought Hen was acting captain.
So did I.
[Hen] Good morning. gentlemen.
Uh. no Captain Wilson today?
I do believe I've been replaced.
Replaced? By who?
I think there's your answer.
[Eddie] Cap.
[laughing] What?
He's back! Ah!
[Chimney] Don't break him. Buck.
We just got him out of the shop.
Uh. right. right. Sorry.
Um. I'm surprised they
let you come back so soon.
Well. all my tests checked
out. so. I figured. why wait?
[Gerrard] Nash.
What are you doing here?
Gerrard.
Feel like I should be asking
you the same question.
I'm captain of the 118.
No.
[Gerrard] Yes. There was
some concern downtown
about a leadership
deficit in this house.
I agreed to come back
and put things in order.
[quietly] Is this some
kind of horrible prank?
They didn't say anything to you?
[Gerrard] Why would they
say anything to him?
He quit two weeks ago.
Or did you fail to mention that?
Lineup and inspection in ten.